Blood and water, Miss Lin Mansion
That's not possible.
This is absolutely impossible
This Lin family tree
It will not be rendered by outsiders at will.
Now that you've seen it all
Why be late
Is he the real Miss Lin Hu?
What can we do about the Yangtze River?
Nothing to say
I've been pretending to be my sister these days
for
Is to gather evidence that you murdered my sister
Hahahahaha
Politics? What politics?
Even if you are real
Shuchang Li has investigated it clearly
What other evidence can you produce?
This is the evidence.
I specially found a forensic team studying in Sunset
With state-of-the-art sunset techniques
The murderer has already been found
Just the two of you.
Thank you for inviting my sister's body today
You happen to be in his presence
Comfort my sister's soul with your retribution